<h1 align="center"> Online Privacy/Security for the Modern Patriot</h1>

# History / Introduction
Today, we find ourselves in a war - a war for freedom, not much different than the fight for freedom during the foundation of this great nation in 1776.  During that great war, there were spies (on both sides) and the plans, secrets, and communications between the leaders/generals, and the front lines, was as critical as the men, black powder, and rations.  If these communications were intercepted, battles could be lost, as well as lives.  It wasn't very well known, but George Washington had one of his men create a "secret code", called the Culper Code Book, to allow messages to be encoded, and deciphered in the field (see: <a href="https://www.mountvernon.org/george-washington/the-revolutionary-war/spying-and-espionage/the-culper-code-book">The Culper Code Book</A>).

Fast forward more than 200 years of technological advances, and we now have computers in our pockets which are more powerful than the ones used to put a man on the moon, and communications which are connected to more people than most people even knew in their entire life time during the Revolutionary War.  The worst part, these convenient devices can also inform others (including people not in your communications circle) of your exact location, your likes/dislikes, who all your friends are, where you are (and for how long), and who you are with at the time.  And this is happening to every person in America who relies on this invention called the Smart Phone. 

During this class, I would like to provide you with information.  Information that you can use to make choices.  Choices which allow you to restrict/limit this tracking, taking back some of your privacy, and liberty, from companies (and our own government), who can use the information gathered about you to: profit, black-mail, accuse, arrest, and even punish you.  You will have the freedom to choose how to use this information, or parts of it, to actively protect yourself (or not).  Feel free to point others to this class, as there is no harm in gathering the information, and empowering the next person to have the freedom to make their own choices.

# About Your Instructor
I am an IT Professional, with over 30 years of experience, plus a passion for technology and security that began when I was 12, and continues until this day.  I have experience with many operating systems, programming languages, and outside of work, spend many hours on personal technical projects, and reading articles about privacy, encryption, hacking, and Edward Snowden's book "Permanent Record".  Some could call me paranoid and a conspiracy theorist, but it has been my experience, that many of these "conspiracies" have a kernel of truth, and it is always a good idea to do whatever you can to protect yourself, and your information.  As you approach this class, ask yourself


# Layout of the class
All of the information for this class will be placed into directories in this Github repository/website, and I will be sending out an email each week - as each new class is released.  The previous classes will remain online on this website, as will any resources/documents.  If you need to go back and review something from a previous week, it will be still be here, waiting for you.  If you get really excited about the content from a certain week, and want to forward the email from that week onto a friend, feel free (there is no need for someone to have to subscribe in order to have access to this material).
